[Dashboard] Add datasource param for grafana dashboard (#37228)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/configure-manage-dashboard.md

> 1. The head node of the cluster is able to access Prometheus and Grafana

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The head node of the cluster is able to access Prometheus and Grafana.
```

2. The browser of the dashboard user is able to access Grafana. 

Configure these settings using the `RAY_GRAFANA_HOST`, `RAY_PROMETHEUS_HOST`, `RAY_PROMETHEUS_NAME`, and `RAY_GRAFANA_IFRAME_HOST` environment variables when you start the Ray Clusters.

* Set `RAY_GRAFANA_HOST` to an address that the head node can use to access Grafana. Head node does health checks on Grafana on the backend.
* Set `RAY_PROMETHEUS_HOST` to an address the head node can use to access Prometheus.

> * Set `RAY_PROMETHEUS_NAME` is used when you select a different data source to use for the Grafana dashboard panles. Default is "Prometheus".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set `RAY_PROMETHEUS_NAME` to select a different data source Grafana dashboard panels to use. Default is "Prometheus".
```
